# Game Critique
## Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory

Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six Siege is a stealth game developed by Ubisoft. It was released in March 2005 for Xbox, PS2, GameCube and Microsoft Windows. The is one of my all-time favorite games as it is very fun and addictive. There is a single-player and multiplayer options for this game, but I prefered playing single player. After playing Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, there are several functions that I think a tester would look at.

Sam Fisher, the main character you play, wears a special headgear that has three different fields of vision. Just using this headpeice gives some of the tests that testers would definintly look at. The main objective of the game is to get through the level trying to gather important data, objects or people without leaving a trail that you were there. You can try to avoid all guards or people by lurking in the shadows and climbing overhead or knock them out and hide their bodies. Of course, you can also kill people and hide their bodies as well. One of the functions on the headgear is a heat detection function or thermal imaging/infrared.  You can even test the people patroling the area to make sure that their bodies show heat, yet the dead ones lose heat and eventually go black.Whether you knock out or kill the person, use it to find some other heat source, a test for if this functions performs as needed would be a great test.

Another function of this headgear is night vision. This is a very useful tool which you would no doubtedly use often. In some levels of the game it is indoors, while other levels are outdoors. In almost every case there is a reason to use your night vision. Sam Fisher, if playing soley for steath has options to not be seen, and one of them is by using a silencer (or whatever weapon/object) to shoot out the lights so that he can pass by undetected. Directly after this, when the lights go out is when you would use your night vision to navigate through the darkness and to get passed a guard or badguy unseen.

The final test I think that testers should test for would be for last field of vision of the headgear: Electromagnetic Field (EMF). When using this function, this is used to detect electrical charged objects that are powered by electricity. This is extremely useful for avoiding tripping wires/traps and alarms. When you detect something electrical (something important like an alarm or even a miscellaneous) it works great to use it on the object again to see if you've successfully disabled it. Another test would be to make sure that anything electrical actually shows up or that other non-electrical objects don't show up while utilizing this function of the headgear. 

There are a ton more tests that would be done for a game like this one. These are just a few of the initial funtions that a tester would need to look at when evaulating Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory. 
